More simulator updates (#555)
srobo/docs: simulator/setting_up_simulator.md

- [Webots](#webots), the platform which runs the simulation
- [Python](#python), the interpreter for the your robot code
- The [world simulation](#world-simulation), which includes the SR API for use in the simulator

## Webots

Webots is a free open-source robot simulator and is the program which runs the simulation.

You need to download [Webots from here](https://cyberbotics.com/#download) and install it.

The current supported version is "R2023b".

### Troubleshooting: performance

The default settings are fine for most users however if you are using a less powerful computer or one without a dedicated graphics card (as is the case on many laptops), you may wish to adjust the graphics settings to enable the simulation to run faster.

If you find that the simulation runs very slowly we suggest disabling both Ambient Occlusion and Shadows.
These should not affect the behaviour of the simulation, only the rendered visuals.

To do this on Windows, open webots and go to the menu **Tools** &rarr; **Preferences** &rarr; **OpenGL**, then set **Ambient Occlusion** to "none" and check the box next to "Disable shadows".

> To do this on Mac, open webots and go to the menu **Webots** &rarr; **Preferences** &rarr; **OpenGL**, then set **Ambient Occlusion** to "none" and check the box next to "Disable shadows".

Author: Note: that this is the right place to make this change is a guess. Please could someone with a mac check this?

Reviewer: Yes. 
<img width="330" alt="image" src="https://github.com/srobo/docs/assets/6197148/a61c8756-da45-4af9-af96-1316737b2a3e">

~~~~~

### Troubleshooting: setting your version of Python

> Sometimes Webots will not automatically detect your installed Python so we need to change it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes Webots will not automatically detect your installed Python in which case it will need to be set manually.
```

When this happens Webots will print errors to its console and your robot will not move.

You will need the full path to the version of Python that you want to use.
This will vary based on the system you have.
One way to find the path is by launching Python and running the following code:

~~~~~ python
import sys
print(sys.executable)
~~~~~

Once you have the path you need to enter this into the Webots settings.

To do this on Windows, open webots and go to the menu **Tools** &rarr; **Preferences** &rarr; **General** &rarr; **Python command** and enter the path in that box.
Your Python path is likely similar to `C:\Users\<USERNAME>\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python311\python.exe` when using Python 3.11, where `<USERNAME>` is your login.

On Mac you can set the path to the Python version to use via **Webots** &rarr; **Preferences** <kbd>⌘</kbd><kbd>,</kbd>.

> Your Python path is likely similar to `/Library/Frameworks/Python.framework/Versions/3.11/bin/python3` when using Python 3.11.

Reviewer: Thought this might be worth mentioning. Although people who use Homebrew would probably be able to figure this out. 

```suggestion
Your Python path is likely similar to `/Library/Frameworks/Python.framework/Versions/3.11/bin/python3` when using Python 3.11.
If you installed Python using Homebrew, it will be in `/opt/homebrew/bin/python3.11` (or `/usr/local/bin/python3.11` on an Intel-based Mac)
```
